---
title: Elevations/Shadows
_description:
_keywords: Ignite UI for Angular, UI controls, Angular widgets, web widgets, UI widgets, Angular, Native Angular Components Suite, Native Angular Controls, Native Angular Components Library
_language: ja
---

# Elevations
<p class="highlight">Elevations are used to establish and maintain functional boundaries between Document Object Model trees to enable better functional encapsulation. You can create sets of elevations using our Sass theming library.</p>
<div class="divider"></div>

## Overview
Elevations in Ignite UI for Angular are declared as a map of 25 elements. Each element is a key-value pair where the key is the elevation level name (0..24) and the value is a list of 3 `box-shadow` declarations. We allow you to generate new sets of elevations where you can define the color for the shadows. Additionally, we expose functions for retrieving a specific elevation level from the elevations map. We expose a global variable `$igx-elevations` that is used across components by default. If you've not read the CSS variables [documentation](../elevations.md) related to Elevations, we suggest you do that first before reading on. 

## Usage
The following section demonstrates how to create and retrieve custom elevations.

### Creating Elevations

```scss
// Define the 3 elevation colors
$color-1: rgb(153, 191, 170); // Umbra
$color-2: rgb(92, 134, 141); // Penumbra
$color-3: rgb(92, 61, 70); // Ambient

$my-elevations: igx-elevations(
    $color-1,
    $color-2,
    $color-3
);
```

### Retrieving Elevations

To retrieve a set of box-shadows from the elevations map you can pass up to two arguments to the `igx-elevation` function - an elevation map and the wanted elevation level. It returns a list of 3 box shadows for the given level.

If you want to retrieve the elevation from the default `$igx-elevations` map, you can omit the first argument.

```scss
// Returns elevation 1 shadows from $igx-elevations
$elevation-1: igx-elevation($elevation: '1');

// Returns elevation 1 shadows from $my-elevations
$my-elevation-1: igx-elevation(
    $elevations: $my-elevations, 
    $elevation: 1
);
```

### Passing Elevations to Themes

Several theme mixins allow you to pass an elevations map. Most notably, the `igx-theme` has a parameter named `$elevations` which allows you to update the elevations for all component themes.

Force all component themes to use your custom elevations:

```scss
@include igx-theme(
    //...
    $elevations: $my-elevations
);
```

In addition to this, you can tell the theme to ignore/not use elevations completely:

```scss
@include igx-theme(
    //...
    $elevations: $my-elevations,
    $elevation: false // disables all elevations
);
```

Some component themes also accept the `$elevations` parameter to allow you to pass custom elevation for their instances only.

For instance, the card component does support passing custom elevations. To find out which components accept a custom elevations map, take a look at their Sass documentation. Each component uses only specific levels from the elevations map, those too are listed in the component's Sass docs.

```scss
@include igx-card(igx-card-theme(
    //...
    $elevations: $my-elevations,
));
```

Since the `igx-elevation` function returns a list of box shadows, you can use the return value of that function to modify only certain elevations in your component themes. 

```scss
$card-theme: igx-card-theme(
    $resting-shadow: igx-elevation($igx-elevations, 10)
);

@include igx-card($card-theme);
```

This compiles to:

```css
.igx-card {
  box-shadow: 
    0 6px 6px -3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.26),
    0 10px 14px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.12),
    0 4px 18px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.08);
}
```

You can also pass simple box shadows without taking advantage of the `igx-elevation` function:
```scss
$card-theme: igx-card-theme(
    $resting-shadow: 0 10px 10px 10px #666
);

.my-card {
  @include igx-card($card-theme);
}
```

Here is the result from the above snippet:

```scss
.my-card .igx-card {
  /* ... */
  box-shadow: 0 10px 10px 10px #666;
}
```
<div class="divider--half"></div>

## Custom Elevations
It is possible to create an elevations map that doesn't adhere to the [Material Design Guidelines](https://material.io/design/environment/elevation.html) as generated by the `igx-elevations` function. Make sure your custom elevation maps contain at least 25 elevation levels. Here's the elevations map signature our themes expect to build correctly:

```scss
// Omitted levels 2 through 23 for brevity
$elevations: (
    0: box-shadow(...),
    1: box-shadow(...),
    ...
    24: box-shadow(...)
);
```

## Elevation Schema Declarations
The elevation levels are also used in theme schema declarations. More on that in the [Schema](./schemes.md) section of the documentation.
<div class="divider--half"></div>

## API References

* [Creating Elevations]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-elevations)
* [Retrieving Elevations]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-elevation)


## その他のリソース
<div class="divider--half"></div>

コミュニティに参加して新しいアイデアをご提案ください。
* [Ignite UI for Angular **フォーラム** (英語)](https://www.infragistics.com/community/forums/f/ignite-ui-for-angular)
* [Ignite UI for Angular **GitHub** (英語)](https://github.com/IgniteUI/igniteui-angular)
